Adds note on Shortcuts that run automatically vs manual (#278)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/integrations/siri-shortcuts.md

* Trigger your Home Assistant "morning routine" automation after stopping or snoozing the Wake-Up alarm on your iPhone.
* When starting a workout on your Apple Watch, use Home Assistant to play your workout playlist. When finishing a workout on your Apple Watch, use Home Assistant to turn on your fan to cool down.
* Get perfect car presence in Home Assistant by toggling an `input_boolean` in Home Assistant when you connect or disconnect from CarPlay, or connect to your cars Bluetooth system.

> * You can ensure that any Home Assistant automations using the iOS app's "Battery State" sensor run immediately by creating a Shortcuts personal automation with the "Charger" trigger (iOS 14) along with the "Send Location" Home Assistant app action. An example use case is triggering your bedtime routine automation immediately after your phone is plugged in at night time, rather than waiting for the next sensors background upate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can ensure that any Home Assistant automations using the iOS app's "Battery State" sensor run immediately by creating a Shortcuts personal automation with the "Charger" trigger (iOS 14) along with the "Send Location" Home Assistant app action. An example use of this is triggering your bedtime routine automation immediately after your phone is plugged in at night time, rather than waiting for the next sensors background update.
```

Slightly less _dev speak_ and one typo

* Place an NFC sticker on the lid of your pills bottle. Each time you take your medicine, scan the NFC sticker with your iPhone. Home Assistant can keep a log of the exact times you take your medicine, increment a [counter](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/counter/) which will help you know when to refill your prescription, and more.

> To create a Personal Automation in the Shortcuts app, go to the "Automations" tab, press the + button in the top right corner, and then tap the "Create Personal Automation" button. There are 20 triggers available on iOS 14. See Apple's [Shortcuts user guide](https://support.apple.com/guide/shortcuts/create-a-new-personal-automation-apdfbdbd7123/3.5/ios/13.5) for more information on creating Personal Automations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Personal Automation in the Shortcuts app, go to the "Automations" tab, press the "+" button in the top right corner, and then tap the "Create Personal Automation" button. If you don't have any existing Automations in the shortcut app, just tap the "Create Personal Automation" button. There are 20 triggers available on iOS 14. See Apple's [Shortcuts user guide](https://support.apple.com/guide/shortcuts/create-a-new-personal-automation-apdfbdbd7123/3.5/ios/13.5) for more information on creating Personal Automations.
```
